Terrence Andrew Davis 
(Dec 15 1969 - Aug 11 2018)
Self proclaimed "smartest programmer that's ever lived"

-1994, became masters in electrical engineering

-March 1996, experienced regular manic episodes which was centered around aliens and government agents.
During this time, Davis did many crazy acts that landed him in: A patrol vehicle, a hospital, a jail and a mental hospital. 
Davis believed these acts caused God to reveal himself to save him.

-July 1996, had plans for a new business pursuing 3D printing, but abandoned the idea following an incident which nearly burnt down his appartment. 
Lived with his parents onward whilst claiming social security.

-1996 - 2003, admitted to psychiatric ward every 6 months due to manic episodes, being diagnosed with bipolar disorder and later on with schizophrenia.
This made his communication skills to worsen, making many of his online comments incomprehensible.
However, when the discusion topic was about computers, he was always lucid.


-2004 - 2013, worked on an OS which has the name of TempleOS, a successor to the Second Temple (according to Davis).
Davis envisioned this OS to be revolutionary, an OS with a thousand times more powerful prossessing speed compared to a Commodore 64.
He wanted the system to be used for writting games, and so it had no internet or networking support.
The design of the system was, according to Davis, explicit instructions from God.
This OS had many features, including a program that generates pseudo-random text which Davis believed to be coded messages from God.
Davis used this program to ask God's opinion on many topics ranging from war all the way to God's favourite video game.
	During the process of development, TempleOS had many names:
	2004 - 2005: J Operating System
	2006 - early 2012: LoseThos
	late 2012: SparrowOS
	2013 - Now: TempleOS

-During the development of TempleOS, Davis made many racist and homophobic slurs, 
although the rationale behind these comments stemmed from his mental disorder and delusions through his vision of God and interpretation of the bible,
leading to mostly negative attention by the media and internet users. 
Despite this, Davis also accrued a dedicated fanbase, and was even seen as a "programming legend", 
"a gifted programmer" whose bright mind was hindered by his mental illness.

-2018, died at age 48 from being struck by a train.
During his final months, Davis struggled with homelessness and stopped taking his medications believing it limited his creativity. 
In a final video posted a few hours before his death, Davis explained that he had learned of a way to "purify" himself.
Davis also explained in the video that he removed most of his videos as he did not wish to "litter" the internet.
At the end, Davis stated: "I think maybe I'm just like a little bizarre little person who walks back and forth." 